## 채점표 Feedback
- 12번 문항은 매우매우매우매우매우 중요하다
- 1~11번 AL 수준으로 잘 했어도 12번 망치면 최대가 IM3이다.

## 문제 예시 - 가구

인사 + 전화목적 + 상황 설명 + NY Thankyou

==Hi there how are you I'm good thanks.==
==I'm calling to ask you a couple of questions about== [the leather sofa which I bought last year], you know the black one.

So.. you know..., ==I was supposed to== get a black one, but I've got a white one. + Actually, my mom's birthday is this comming weekend so I bought this for her and she's leaving to Japan next week. So I really need it today.

N) 환불 가능할까요?
So, Can I get a full r==e==fund? I mean, I'm not sure about your r==e==fund policy but I wonder if it's possible.
 -> Oh I can't? Oh my god... What should I do? / What am I gonna do?

Y) 그러면 화이트로 바로 교환되나요?
Then, I would like to get it exchanged to a white one. Would it be available? I was wondering if I could get it exchanged. / Would it be available to get it exchanged?
 -> Oh yes? Oh that's perfect! Thank you so much!
 -> Can I get it delivered tonight? / When can I get it delievered?
 -> Do I have to take it from your store by myself or can I get it delievered?

Thank you for your help. Oh you offer me the store credit? Oh you don't need to... thanks. Anyway, my mom will love this / Then I think I will have some time to buy another gift. Thank again, Have a nice day bye!

---
I found a better price somewhere else. Do you have a price match guarantee?
Can you refund me the difference? 차액 받을 수 있나요?
You give me score credit? That's so kind of you!
Hi I recently bought a recliner sofa, but the leg seat doesn't work.
I'd prefer a replacement. If not, could I get a refund instead?

---
비격식 I wonder < I am wondering < I was wondering 격식

---
## My script
Hi there! how are you? I'm good thanks!
I'm calling to ask you a couple of questions about the bed that I bought last week. Actually, I ordered the black one, but I received the white one. My studio apartment is matched by the black about almost all of the thing, so I want to get the black bed that I picked.

Could you exchange the bed until today? Oh you can't... because you are already have another delivery appointment tonight? Okay I see.

Then, Would it be possible you deliever by the end of the week? Oh yes? That's perfect! Oh you offer me the store credit? Oh you don't need to... Thanks! Have a nice day bye!

---

Hey it's me Kyle. What's up? Good thank you.
You know, I'm calling to ask you a couple of questions about [the concert we were supposed to go tonight.]

You know... We were supposed to meet at 6 but [actually, I had some milk this morning and I think it had gone bad... so I have a terrible stomachache. / I have a fever and sore throat and even runny nose... I think I god COVID / I think I should go to see a doctor] so... I don't think I can make it today..

I know... we've been waiting for this so much... I'm so sorry...

- Is it okay with you to go to the concert by yourself?
- If it's okay with you, you can go to the concert with another friend, Gloria.
- Can we cancel the tickets?

N) Is it okay with you to go to the concert by yourself? I wonder if it's possible. You don't like it? Yeah... I know... then... What should I do?

Y) If it's okay with you, you can go to the concert with another friend, Ali. Oh it's okay? He is also a fan of BTS? That's a relief! Then I can give you my ticket so you can go to the concert with him.
-> Where are you available? Would you drop by my place on your way?

Thank you) So, I'm so sorry again. I really hope you enjoy the concert, Yeah, I think I should chill out a bit.. Thanks for saying that.

Anyway, let's grab a beer next time. Let me make it up to you.
Enjoy the concert! Bye bye.

---

가까워지면 come
멀어지면 go

---

상황 3가지
가는 거 / 전화하는 거 / 메시지 남기는 거

### Leave a message
- N) Otherwise / If not / If you can't / If you don't like it
- 

