## Role-Play

|             | Direct Question                                | Indirect Question                                                            |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Open-ended  | What is your name?<br>When would be available? | I want to know what your name is.<br>I'd like to know when you are available |
| Close-ended | Are you a student?<br>Do you like coffee?      | I wonder whether you are a student.<br>Can I ask you if you like coffee?     |

### 질문하기 유형
- 정보 얻기 (구매/예약)
- 약속 잡기
- 예외

#### '정보 얻기' 가능한 질문
- 가격
	- I'd like to buy under 100 dollars.
	- Can I pay by credit card? or just cash?
	- I'd like to ask you if you can accept credit card.
	- I want to know the price, But I'm a student so I don't have enough money. I'd like to buy under 100 dollars, so is there any vouchers or discounts for me that I can pay less then 100 dollars?
	- -> I want to know how much it is and actually, I'm a student so I dont have enough money so is there any discounts / is there any promotion going on + by any chance? (혹시)
	- Is there any promition going on by any chance? I mean, actually I'm tight on my budget at this moment
- 예약
	- Is there any recommendations for me?
	- -> Do you have any recommendations for me?
	- Which do you prefer? the black one or white one?
	- -> Actually I like both... so what do you think? Which do you think is more popular?


BOGO - Buy One Get One (= One plus One)
BTGO - Buy Two Get one (= Two plus One)

Would you ~ : ~ 해줄래요? (조금 편한 표현)
Could you ~ : ~ 해 주실 수 있나요? (부탁하는 표현, 서비스직에서 사용)

---
## Scripts
### Q: I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to buy two tickets to go watch a concert this weekend. Call the theater and ask three fo four questions about ways to get tickets.

인사 + 목적

- Hi there! How are you? I'm good thanks.
- I'm calling to ask you a couple of questions about [getting two tickets for a concert this weekend], you know, BTS concert.

- 1) Would it be possible / available to get two tickets?
- (Y) Oh yes? That's perfect. [Actually, I thought it would have been sold out. / you know, my girlfriend is a huge fan of BTS so she will love it. / It's my boyfriend's birthday and it's gonna be a surprise gift for him]

- 2) How much is it for a ticket? / How much are they? / What's the price for a ticket?
- ($100) Ah $100?? Oh my god.. [That's quite expensive than I expected.. hmm.. / That's quite reasonable]

- 3-1) So, Can I get any discounts? I mean, is there any promotions going on by any chance?
- (Y) Wow, I can get 10% discount if I join the membership? That sounds perfect!

- 3-2) How can I pay for them? Do you accept credit card?
- (Y) Alright, that's nice. Then I'll pay by my card.

- 4) How can I get there? I'd like to bring my car so, is ther any parking lot? / Is there any bus station nearby?

- 5) ...

- Alright, so, thank you so much for your help. It will be a perfect surprise party for her. / I've been waiting for this concert so much.
- Thank you. Have a nice one, Bye!